Since 2012 the GDGs in the DACH region (Germany, Austria, and Switzerland) are organising local DevFests. Every year the number of DevFests increased and in 2017 there was a total of nine DevFests happening in the DACH region.

Since years there were discussion of joining forces to create something really big - and this year it is finally happening: the GDG organisers of the DACH region are joining forces for **DACHFest** - _the next iteration of local DevFests!_

DACHFest is guided by the following principles:
* **Community** - DACHFest is defined by *you* and will give you room for sharing & exchange
* **Diversity** - we work together with WomenTechmakers and other diversity initiatives for setting a new standard in conference diversity
* **Inclusion** - *everyone* shall feel comfortable, and our [Code of Conduct](/coc) is tailored for this experience

## Community ##
Sure, DACHFest will have talks and sessions and sponsors and all the stuff you expect from a conference.
But we want to include more. So we asked people on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ohaithear/status/1009887132842954752) about ideas on how to make *the* community-driven conference, and we are still listening!

We will therefore work on Yoga in the morning, panels during the day, some non-dev fun stuff, unconference tracks, essential skills talks and more.

## Diversity ##
We strongly believe in the value of diversity. Diversity in the workplace is [proven](https://www.mckinsey.com/business-functions/organization/our-insights/delivering-through-diversity) to deliver better results. And the same is true for conferences, therefore we are working together with WomenTechmakers, the GDG diversity initiative.

WomenTechmakers are not focusing on Women. We believe that diversity is multidimensional:
* **Gender** - men, women, genderqueer, agender, non-gender conforming, nonbinary, gender-fluid, ...
* **Race**
* **Nationality**
* **Language**
* **Religion**
* **Dietary choice**
* **Physical disabilities**
* **Age**
* **Social Status & Background**
* _and more_

## Inclusion ##
Having an inclusive event is necessary for a diverse participation at DACHFest. We are working on various areas to make sure that *everyone* feels comfortable with attending DACHFest:

* **[Code of Conduct](/coc)** - we will exercise a zero-tolerance for harassment
* **Gender Inclusiveness** - gender-neutral restrooms, language based on gender diversity
* **Accessibility** - physical accessibility as well as accessibility of the content for impaired persons
* **Diversity Sponsorship** - we will offer tickets to attendees from underrepresented as well as travel grants for speakers

## And More! ##
With all this in mind we will also deliver top-class content, from renowned speakers and international experts.

_We are looking forward to seeing many of you at our DACHFest 2018!_
